>> Jimmy: AS I KNOW YOU ARE A
BIG SPORTS FAN, ON URA WHITE SOX
FAN, ARE YOU REALLY HAPPY THAT
THE CUBS ARE GOING TO THE WORLD
SERIES?
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> YES.
NO, YOU KNOW, I WATCHED THE END
OF THE LAST GAME.
AND TO SEE JUST HOW HAPPY
EVERYBODY WAS, I ACTUALLY FELT
PRETTY GOOD.
>> Jimmy: YOU DID.
>> I AM ROOTING FOR MY HOMETOWN
TEAM.
EVEN THOUGH IT IS NOT MY TEAM.
>> Jimmy: IT'S NOT YOUR TEAM.
>> IT IS NOT MY TEAM.
BUT YOU KNOW, I WAS WATCHING
THESE PRESS REPORTS ABOUT HOW
THE LAST TIME THEY WON A WORLD
SERIES, THOMAS EDISON WAS STILL
ALIVE.
[ LAUGHTER ]
SLICED BREAD HAD NOT BEEN
INVENTED.
SO THIS WAS LITERALLY THE BEST
THING SINCE SLICED BREAD.
FOR CUBS FANS.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> WHITE SOX GOT THEIR
CHAMPIONSHIP A LITTLE OVER TEN
YES AGO SO WE'RE FEELING OKAY.
>> Jimmy: BILL MURRAY MAY BE THE
PREMIER CUBS FAN OF ALL CUBS
FANS, WAS IN WASHINGTON, D.C.
THIS WEEK.
I HAPPENED TO BE THERE, WE DID A
TRIBUTE TO BILL MURRAY.
HE CRASHED THE WHITE HOUSE.
>> HE CAME INTO THE OVAL OFFICE
IN A CUBS SHIRT.
AND I DON'T USUALLY ALLOW THAT
TO HAPPEN.
>> Jimmy: YEAH.
>> FIRST OF ALL, MOST PEOPLE
COME WITH A SHIRT AND TIE.
IT WAS BILL MURRAY SO I FIGURE,
I GET NO TIE.
BUT DON'T RUB IT IN WITH THE
CUBS JERSEY ON.
>> Jimmy: I'M AMAZED BY HIM.
HE PRETTY MUCH DOES ANYTHING HE
WANTS.
>> WHAT HE WANTS.
NOBODY CHECKS HIM.
NOT EVEN SECRET SERVICE.
>> Jimmy: METAL DETECTS HIM.
>> IT DOESN'T MATTER.
>> Jimmy: DID YOU SPEAK?
DID YOU CHAT?
>> WELL, HE HAD WON THE MARK
TWAIN.
>> Jimmy: MARK TWAIN PRIZE,
YEAH.
>> THE MARK TWAIN PRIZE.
WILL HAD WON PREVIOUSLY.
I SHOULD MENTION BY THE WAY,
WILL GETS THIS PRIZE, WE DO THIS
PHOTOGRAPH IN THE OVAL OFFICE.
THE BOARD MEMBERS PRESENTING IT,
A BIG TO-DO, THEN HE LEAVES
WITHOUT THE PRIZE.
[ LAUGHTER ]
WHICH YOU KNOW, SOMEHOW THE
BOARD MEMBERS DIDN'T FIND FUNNY
AT ALL.
[ LAUGHTER ]
>> Jimmy: THEY DIDN'T.
>> BILL DID NOT FORGET THE
PRIZE.
>> Jimmy: HE REMEMBERED THE
>> WE TOOK THE PICTURE.
THEN HE AGREED TO DO A LITTLE
SOCIAL MEDIA SKIT.
ABOUT SIGNING UP FOR PEOPLE WHO
DIDN'T HAVE HEALTH CARE, SIGNING
UP, BECAUSE OPEN ENROLLMENT'S
COMING UP NOVEMBER 1st.
WE THOUGHT OF A SKIT, WE DECIDE
WED WERE GOING TO PUTT ON THE
CARPET IN THE OVAL OFFICE.
AND SOMEBODY GRABBED A GLASS, WE
WERE TRYING TO PUTT IN THE
GLASS.
AND HE WON REPEATEDLY.
I MEAN, HE KEPT ON -- THE GLASS
WAS RIGGED.
[ LAUGHTER ]
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Jimmy: IT'S HAPPENING A LOT
LATELY.
>> I WAS A LITTLE FRUSTRATED.
WHAT MAKES MATTERS WORSE, THEN
HE'S GIVING ME TIPS ABOUT
PUTTING.
[ LAUGHTER ]
SERIOUS.
HE'S ALL, NO, I THINK YOUR RIGHT
HAND'S A LITTLE TOO FIRM ON
THE -- BILL, YOU'RE A COMEDIAN,
NOT A GOLFER.
HE TOOK MONEY FROM ME.
AND I PAID HIM $5.
SO BASICALLY THE WHOLE VISIT WAS
A DISASTER.
>> Jimmy: YOU HAVE MONEY?
DO YOU HAVE ANY MONEY RIGHT NOW?